# Assignment 2: Reflective blog

### Description:
At the beginning of the class, Mr.Jonathan introduced programs related to computers and technology. Those programs include IT, Microsoft Engineering, Aeronautics, Psychology, Electrical and electronics, robotics and mechatronics, food technology, and science. After briefly talking about those programs, Mr.Jonathan began to clearly analyze each program. The most obvious program that Mr.Jonathan explained was IT and Microsoft Engineering because most of the students in this class chose that program. After recess, the teacher continued to explain the credits for each program and the GPA that are so important and new to students in this grade. At the end of the class, the teacher talked about the Assignment, especially our first exercise which was to create a reflective blog to familiarize yourself with the computer technology environment. After the class, me and my friends have a lot of questions to ask the teacher such as what is the score to pass this course, is this course harder when comparing to the last course and are students allow to choose teammate in group assignment.

### Feeling:
About the feeling, I'm half nervous, and half excited because I don't have in-depth knowledge about the program I'm about to study and the knowledge I'll absorb in the first session of this course. During the class, Mr.Jonathan's explanation of computer and technology related programs opened my mind. The most useful information for me was about the IT program because I am about to study it. At the end of the week, I struggled and worried a lot about the first assignment because I have almost no knowledge of codes and I also missed a class on Monday. But luckily in the next class, Mr.Jonathan agreed to delay the assignment for one week.

### Analyze and Evaluate
One of the biggest differences between this course and the final one is that there is less activity in the classroom. In the last course, students do activities every time the teacher finishes a small part, we also call it strategic learning by doing. But this course is more about listening to the teacher, then taking notes, and then applying the lesson to the exercise. One difference between this course and the last one is that the students learn in the computer lab, we use computers during class a lot, especially for the first assignment that students have difficulty with. About Mr.Jonathan, his British accent is very new to me, so it is difficult for me to hear and understand what he is saying. But in return Mr.Jonathan is very attentive, he comes to see a single student in the class to check and solve problems that students have difficulty with. The most obvious proof is that when he came to me and explained the steps I had to take to complete the first assignment, I asked him to explain again many times because his accent was quite difficult for me to hear and Mr.Jonathan is still willing to try to help me understand what he's saying.
